Advanced Animator Parser (#343)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/reference/trace-and-optimize/index.md

Also, You can adjust optimization with the following settings
- `MMD World Compatibility`
  Optimize with considering compatibility with MMD Worlds. e.g. Not freezing BlendShapes used by MMD Worlds.
- `Use Advanced Animator Parser`
  To determine where AAO can optimize, AAO parses AnimatorControllers.

>   With this option enabled, Advanced Animator Parser,

Author: suggestion、if this option **is** enabledのほうが良さそう？

>   With this option enabled, Advanced Animator Parser,

Reviewer: あ、抜けました(一度cancelしたので)

  which parses layer structure of AnimatorController and BlendTree structure. 
  If this option is disabled, Fallback Animator Parser which collects all AnimationClips and

>   parses AnimationClips. Fallback Animator Parser is simpler but will parse Direct BlendTree incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  parses AnimationClips. Fallback Animator Parser is an legacy process, so it will parse Direct BlendTree incorrectly.
  Normally, you do not need to disable this option.
```

Author: ありがとうございます
